> How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

Writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable is accomplished through encapsulation, separation of concerns into different classes/methods, proper naming conventions, and documentation. Following these practices, I was able to write a clean, readable, and functional wrapper for the MongoDB database using Python. This also allows me to expand the wrapper in the future, adding additional functionality to simplify accessing the database. It also taught me how to implement Python code with MongoDB, which going forward will be useful if I am in a situation where that applies.

> How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

When approaching a problem, I find it beneficial to gather all the requirements and thoroughly read through them. This gives me an idea as to what the client wants and expects from the system. I can then write out a plan, some pseudocode, and begin implementing the system. In my previous database course, we worked with an SQL database directly, which was cumbersome working around the commands. Using Python made working with MongoDB much easier, which I did not expect to be able to do. Going forward, I will look into using other programming languages to implement wrappers for databases to make access easier.

> What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientists solve problems and make lives easier through our ability to write code. This is especially important in a society where technology continues to advance. This project, for example. As a computer scientist, I have implemented a Python wrapper and dashboard that allows any member of Grazioso Salvare to access the data they need. If they had to directly access the database and query their own search terms, they would have a much higher workload and would require far more training to accomplish their tasks. My work has made their jobs easier in the long run.
